In this lesson, we will create a new test method and we will use this method to test.
If all user details are provided, then a new user should be created.
And in this case we will not mock any object and user details will actually be stored in the database.
All right, so let's create a new test method first.
I will delete this test method because we don't need it anymore.
And instead I will create a new one and I will start with display name.
So this test method will test if user can be created.
I will test, create, use a method when valid details are provided.
Then you should return user details.
Something like this and I will add, arrange, act and insert sections.
In their own section.
I'll prepare user details, and this time, just as an example, I will use an alternative approach.
Again, I can type JSON manually and it will look this way or I can create JSON Java object and then
convert that JSON object into a string.
And this is what I'm going to do.
I'll create JSON Java object.
I will use JSON object and I'll call it user details request.
Jason.
And I will create a new JSON object.
I don't need this string anymore, so comment out and I will populate these user details.
Request JSON object with user details.
So I will put first name.
Last name, email, password and repeat password.
It gives me an error because it wants me to add exception to a method signature.
I will click on the recommendation and this should add throws JS an exception to my method signature.
All right, so now I'm going to add last name, email, password and repeat password.
So now that I have an object with user details created, I can use this JSON object in HTTP request.
Let's work on a request in the following lesson.